THE MILD PSYCHOSIS OF NORTHERN HOMINIDS

  A very long time ago, our ancestors travelled out of africa due to the gradual change in the planet's climate. We lost our body hair, evolved to walk, etc... We did this in small groups, at various times. We travelled on foot and by rafts throughout the world. We even met ourselves again in the Americas by surprise. Over time, the thoughts of the distant groups merged. We saw similarities, differences, genetics, beauty, talents, struggles, savagery, and the lack of constructed norms. These observations were noted at first for memory and distinction, but later became solidified as identities and core self-truths. As we progressed and built roads, our inter-group observations increased in resolution. Most of these observations were deemed "rude", "vulgar", and beyond the confines of observation that a logical, well grown adult would make. This paradigm was true for a long time, until a certain issue arose. The groups that were once distant, merged rapidly, destroying the self recognized identites that had existed for many generations. This is certainly an interesting conundrum. Was the planet to suddenly achieve total peace? Were we to experience a state of silence and planetary death? No. Jesus knew that. He was a good black-ops operative.

  He noticed that although northern white humans posessed superior intellect and cunning, their social structure was partially penetrated by the physical structures of their surroundings. I am mostly sure he did not factor in the six-month freezing temperatures of the north at the time, though previous generations may have done some interesting analysis before his role in the matter. The over-specialization of roles that he may have observed, may have made him think that the society he observed was similar to that of the mind virus guy who circumsized his enemy and destroyed castles... Oh, but in the opposite direction. If that is the case, then certainly there is a central seat of logic that may have deviated from the norm, to an unrecognizable amount by human standards. So in this case, the people walking the streets and farmers were his null points, and the white people inside the fancy brick homes were his test subjects. Perhaps these indoorsy people were some psychic-defect-baby-eaters? He did not have this thought at the time. He simply noticed the beauty and lack-there-of, and the muscle.
  
  How could such a system exist? Separation beyond the wild? Are we animals? Surely we built all this! Are we not it's masters to the end of time? The answer was obvious. Those fancy white people in the fancy brick home in the middle east were still not coming out and getting a nice tan and enjoying the fruits of the market. His worst fear may have been true. And there was the issue of them putting normal people on crosses maybe. Maybe they are shy of a genetic skin defect.
  
  Perhaps it was a missed lesson from childhood. So, he tested and suffered. He gauged their understanding, stole the financial aspect of the structures, and suffered. At a certain point there should have been a truce or reconciliation process. The process would have been similar to an arranged marriage between two groups, but there were too many mental barriers. The roads were made of arranged stones, the buildings of strone and concrete, the swords of steel, and their brains of fats.
  
  I have no idea of the atomic constituency of the neurons in my brain, and I know biology from the atomic level, up to population statistics, so I win.

Thanks Jesus ;)
